all beaver dear friends with you in india
us and say hello to me again coral
new cow in the head stomach today
we keep playing pokemon battle and
this is the last round of our season and so
I did well, so average it
deck me two flags for one with fly
genes in my useless but I definitely still
I do not know, and plus I have turned gnar
if anyone plays a league in the course that this
what caused him to be such a connor but he
look like a dick don't know it seems to me
I don't know what you need here.
she is
Shushan mind but then it is you and here it
I also don't know what it is to find one
by this but he experiences he tried
so something needs to be done
wow
this is enough of its on Sasha world is not
only for the night we have 200 plus damage and and
by the way I changed the flags she even if you
he was killed by my main flagship still
alive and not homeland even
let's go phantom bow wows this
plugin also fries
flew my plugin plugin in his father's gate
fulfills disappeared my like an and on the field
the battle goes fly kwan dominator liner
fly fly uah victorious it will be called
yoba
he doesn’t know what to do
stunned just took one hit
come out you keep me like your
all the dust call and in Pokemon camp
was the strongest
and who in pokemon yes there is not much in
pokemon the strongest and who is there that
someone house pikachu hang out always wins
hoses gives rise that because him
master good they are because he is so
awesome considering mathematically you and all
these boomerang in the nose wanted to have
Pikachu prayer
wow in the worlds dory you have twice
they are butt and look
somewhere in the sky i straight soul all the shadows on
ash
gnar worse Ignat spliced good
bottom this is not wrong my deck
chic what's his you got lost and he
damn died someone died by my hand
Today is Flag Day, by the way.
last round defeated my gnar too
will and made a daughter Roma
about osago very dangerous is about that
it is clear that I help them
it seemed I could not beat you because of
that you so the river can't even
night he can they offline missed
Listen as though
You missed about the goal that was
get embarrassed as this act ended I can
where the last 4 he lives what is this
your stef.
go to your china wow
You have won a victorious way down and
you wear and carry that too
if explode and see even dira him
catch caught involuntarily joy already
it hurts right you just want to
and the body can not get beat off
useless ok then dear friends
this season and round in three rounds
no in two equal I won but season
I won too, so she wrote
Sasha's bonfire
so write in the comments whatever
You still wanted to find Pokemon
there we will fight them with all
thanks for watching bye bye good luck